readme.md, before:

README
======

What is Paybox?
-----------------

PAYBOX Services is a "multi-bank" Payment Service Provider to offer a comprehensive approach to processing payments from distance selling, providing a service linked to the whole banking landscape and non-bank card issuers. It's market player with connections to the various businesses, banks, card issuers, processing centres, institutions and integrators.

What is PlemiPayboxBundle?
-----------------

PlemiPayboxBundle is an interface to Paybox Services in order to use them really easily with Symfony2.

Requirements
------------

- [Paybox CGI](http://www1.paybox.com/telechargement_focus.aspx?cat=3)
- A knowledge of the Paybox Services docs
- Symfony2
- cURL (except if you want to use the shell way)

Installation
------------

- ``` git clone git://github.com/plemi/payboxbundle.git /vendor/bundles/Plemi/PlemiPayboxBundle ```

- Install CGI in "%kernel.root_dir%/app/Resources/cgi-bin/paybox.cgi"

Documentation
-------------

- 2 main classes : Request, Response
- Request is what you want to send to Paybox
- Response is what you get from Paybox

You can use request and response completely separately.

By default, you have to insert their CGIs in "%kernel.root_dir%/app/Resources/cgi-bin/paybox.cgi" but you can change this path via config.yml (depends on your environment):

```
plemi_paybox:
    endpoint: %kernel.root_dir%/cgi-bin
```

WARNING: your folder must be +ExecCGI on it. Please, refer to Apache manual.

Usage
-----

### Request

``` php
$object = $this->getContainer('plemi_paybox.request');
$datas = array('pbx_rang' => '34030', 'pbx_site' => '302', 'pbx_total' => '100');
$object->setDatas($datas);
$object->execute();
```

### Response

``` php
$object = $this->getContainer('plemi_paybox.response');
$datas = $_GET[];
$object->setDatas($datas);
$object->getAmount();
```

License
-------

Copyright (C) 2011 Ludovic Fleury, David Guyon, Erwann Mest

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update readme, add Travis CI status build.

readme.md, after:

PlemiPayboxBundle
=================

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/Plemi/PlemiPayboxBundle.png)](http://travis-ci.org/Plemi/PlemiPayboxBundle)


What is Paybox?
-----------------

PAYBOX Services is a "multi-bank" Payment Service Provider to offer a comprehensive approach to processing payments from distance selling, providing a service linked to the whole banking landscape and non-bank card issuers. It's market player with connections to the various businesses, banks, card issuers, processing centres, institutions and integrators.

What is PlemiPayboxBundle?
-----------------

PlemiPayboxBundle is an interface to Paybox Services in order to use them really easily with Symfony2.

Requirements
------------

- [Paybox CGI](http://www1.paybox.com/telechargement_focus.aspx?cat=3)
- A knowledge of the Paybox Services docs
- Symfony2
- cURL (except if you want to use the shell way)

Installation
------------

- Add the bundle to your deps file or add it as a git submodule.
- Install CGI in "%kernel.root_dir%/app/Resources/cgi-bin/paybox.cgi"

Documentation
-------------

- 2 main classes : Request, Response
- Request is what you want to send to Paybox
- Response is what you get from Paybox

You can use request and response completely separately.

By default, you have to insert their CGIs in "%kernel.root_dir%/app/Resources/cgi-bin/paybox.cgi" but you can change this path via config.yml (depends on your environment):

```
plemi_paybox:
    endpoint: %kernel.root_dir%/cgi-bin
```

WARNING: your folder must be +ExecCGI on it. Please, refer to Apache manual.

Usage
-----

### Request

``` php
$object = $this->getContainer('plemi_paybox.request');
$datas = array('pbx_rang' => '34030', 'pbx_site' => '302', 'pbx_total' => '100');
$object->setDatas($datas);
$object->execute();
```

### Response

``` php
$object = $this->getContainer('plemi_paybox.response');
$datas = $_GET[];
$object->setDatas($datas);
$object->getAmount();
```

License
-------

Copyright (C) 2011 Ludovic Fleury, David Guyon, Erwann Mest

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
